another round of readme cleanup - remove unnecessary DCAF refs in another set of spots (#2570)
DARIAEngineering/dcaf_case_management: docs/onboarding/README.md

> * Someone from the DARIA team (probably @nerdygirl537 or @sofijaj) will hop on a call with your team to demonstrate DARIA's features and workflow, and to talk through your process to see if this is a good fit for you.

Reviewer: optional: this is probably you, me, or Lisa now, ya?

Author: ```suggestion
* Someone from the DARIA team (probably @colinxfleming, @lomky, or @lwaldsc) will hop on a call with your team to demonstrate DARIA's features and workflow, and to talk through your process to see if this is a good fit for you.
```
